WORK ARENA
Much of life's unhappiness is generated on the job--office politics, poor communications, faulty management skills. Just plain human myopia.

But some of the highest moments in life can occur when you are part of a team that is meshing smoothly.

MIND MIRROR can be a valuable tool in clarifying thoughts and improving communication in the Work Arena. Choose one of the following introductory exercises in office politics.

#0EXERCISE 1. THE BOSS!
Compare your boss with another.
#1EXERCISE 2. YOUR TEAMMATES
Compare two colleagues.
# Return to previous menu.

@
EXERCISE 1. THE BOSS!
1
"The business of the samurai consists in reflecting(!) on his own station in life, in discharging loyal service to his master, in deepening his fidelity in association with friends, and, with due consideration to his own position, in devoting himself to duty above all."
<,16>- Yamaga Soko 1622-1685

See saw, Marjorie Daw, she shall have a new master. She must have a penny day, because she can work no faster.

1. YOUR BOSS: Scope your boss as you see him or her today. If you don't have a boss, do the last boss you had.

2. YOUR IDEAL BOSS: Scope your ideal boss. The sky's the limit!

Your Boss
Your Ideal Boss
EXERCISE 2. YOUR TEAMMATES
1
Who has said it better than William Shakespeare? "Friendship is constant in all other things save in the office and affairs of love. Therefore, let every eye negotiate for itself and trust no agent." - from MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING.

Here you Mind-Scope the person with whom you work most closely and compare that person with your ideal teammate.

1. COLLEAGUE: Scope the person you work with most closely.

2. IDEAL COLLEAGUE: Scope your ideal colleague.

<PAGE>

Colleague
Ideal Colleague
Here you can review your relationships with teammates, coaches, rivals in the game. Select the persons or situations you wish to Micro-Scope.

<PAGE>

Top Boss Boss's Boss
Boss Stressed Supervisor
Boss Relaxed Supervisee
Colleague Receptionist
Underling Product Mgr.
Sales Mgr. Ideal Worker
